ts libraries: added README's for npm registry (#4322)
digital-asset/daml: language-support/ts/daml-react/README.md

# @daml/react

> > React framework to interact with a DAML ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Library to interact with a DAML ledger from a React application.
```
